Aiken get started: Fix broken examples link (#1168)
cardano-foundation/developer-portal: docs/get-started/aiken.md

You are ready now to write and execute your first smart contract on Cardano. Have a look at the [hello world example contract](/docs/smart-contracts/aiken).

> Visit the Aiken website and explore [other examples](https://aiken-lang.org/example--vesting). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the Aiken website and explore [other examples](https://aiken-lang.org/example--hello-world). 
```
